Russell Wilson is the big question mark
rounds two and three of the 2012 NFL
Draft our rap and the NFC West had
another exciting day the st. Louis Rams
addressed some issues on both sides of
the ball although they had some pics
that would best be described as
interesting on the offensive side they
drafted a Brian quick out of Appalachian
State wide receiver and they also added
running back Isaiah Pead their wide
receiver corps definitely took a hit
when Danny Amendola went down last year
and so quick will get a chance to get
right in there and catch some balls from
Sam Bradford right away it might have
been a bit of a reach but clearly the
Rams were happy with him they thought
higher of him then Stephen Hill and guys
like Rueben Randle so they got their guy
I asked for Pete he'll get a chance to
spell Steven Jackson pretty much from
day one where Jackson has taken a lot of
wear over the years and this could
hopefully extend the shelf life on the
defensive side of the ball they drafted
cornerback janoris jenkins and
cornerback trumaine johnson jenkins is a
top ten talent but he's an undrafted
knucklehead on the one hand he is a
great cover cornerback on the other hand
he's had issues with bar fights
marijuana has some trouble with birth
control and the issue with all these are
dropped him down into the second round
and if he can keep it on the straight
and narrow though they could have a
great quarterback Joe with him in
cortland finnegan trumaine johnson on
the other hand will work potentially as
a safety for them potentially rebuilding
the entire secondary the Seattle
Seahawks had the next pair of pics in
the in the second and third round and
they drafted Utah State inside
linebacker bobby wagner although wagner
there are some questions about whether
he can be an every-down linebacker he
brings speed and athleticism very
similar to Bruce Irvin so you're looking
at a guy that will at least bring some
athleticism to the linebacker corps in
the third round they drafted quarterback
Russell Wilson they recently signed matt
flynn to a three-year deal and so at the
very least wilson will get to sit
through at least a year or two and kind
of learn the offense which actually
might be fairly similar to what
wisconsin ran I don't really mention two
bars Jackson too much because I think
most Seahawks fans hope he does not win
a job over Russell Wilson next up for
the San Francisco 49ers who drafted
Oregon running back LaMichael James in
the second round the 49ers are generally
okay at the run
back position with Frank Gore Kendall
Hunter and Brandon Jacobs but you really
can't pass up a home run hitter like
James it seemed like every week for
Oregon he was just not gonna knocking
knocking plays out of the park the 49ers
had some struggles in terms of big plays
last year both in the passing and the
running game and James could change that
up for that will wrap things up with the
Arizona Cardinals who selected
cornerback jamell fleming out of
Oklahoma the Cardinals do need
cornerbacks but I'm not sure he's the
right guy he tops out at maybe a two or
three which they really could have done
a lot more with this pick but why take
my word for it let's over to the war
room Oh hooch is crazy all right let's
start with Arizona jamell fleming
alrighty the Cardinals they took jamell
fleming of course they didn't have a
second-round pick due to the kevin cobb
trade makes sense that they would take a
cornerback their division rivals the
49ers took a wide receiver in AJ Jenkins
the Rams took Brian quick not sure how
great of a cornerback jamell fleming is
gonna be though especially right away
overall I'd give it about a C+ 49ers I
like LaMichael James it's not a position
of need but you can never have too many
explosive playmakers that is true st.
Louis has positions of needs do you give
me a grade by the way I've given you a
b-big okay st. Louis the playmakers are
abundant now are more abundant now now
that they have isaiah pead perhaps
running back of the future spelling
Steven Jackson Brian quick small school
guy but they love him in st. Louis
defensively it's all about the secondary
Janoris Jenkins all sorts of talent all
sorts of off-the-field non talons and
then shermaine Johnson's versatile and
just adds a guy a healthy body to that
st. Louis team I'm leaving him a B+ uh
Seahawks at a Bobby Wagner Pete Carroll
of speed even with the addition of
Barrett rude that's a good addition
Russell Wilson is the big question mark
yeah first round town if he was six foot
two instead of 510 511 he would have
gone in the top five top 10 e greatly
out and the third third round who knows
I don't know let's give him an
incomplete give him an incomplete Jimmy
come here get a shot of my cute little
brother there he is now I'm gonna tell
you subscribe we have all sorts of
terrific NFL draft videos up and ready
for you to watch and comment on down
below what are your thoughts we need to
know
you know what I need to know why are you
so cute out